[cli] add service id to fetch key cli response (#314)
MystenLabs/seal: docs/SealCLI.md

    The encryption is randomized, so the output will be different each time you run the command, even with the same input message and keys.

!!! info

>     The output includes the Hex encoded BCS serialized encrypted object and the symmetric key used to encrypt the message. You can share the encrypted object (for example, on-chain or via Walrus), but keep the symmetric key secret - anyone with access to it can decrypt the message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The output includes the Hex-encoded, BCS serialized encrypted object and the symmetric key used to encrypt the message. You can share the encrypted object (for example, on-chain or via Walrus), but keep the symmetric key secret - anyone with access to it can decrypt the message.
```

## 7. Encrypt and fetch keys using service providers

**Encrypt**

> Encrypt a secret's UTF-8 bytes to a hex-encoded ID and a Seal policy package ID. Specify the key server object IDs and the network. The CLI fetches key servers' public keys from the public fullnode. The output is a hex-encoded BCS serialized encrypted object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Encrypt the secret’s UTF-8 bytes bound to a hex-encoded ID and a Seal policy package ID. Provide the key-server object IDs and the network. The CLI retrieves key-server's public keys from a public full node and returns a hex-encoded, BCS-serialized encrypted object.
```

<ENCODED_ENCRYPTED_OBJECT>
```

**Fetch keys for the encoded request**

> Fetch keys for the hex-encoded fetch key request. Provide the threshold, key server object IDs, and network. The CLI fetches key servers' public keys from the public fullnode. The response is a hex-encoded BCS serialized vector of tuples of key server object ID and its corresping `FetchKeyResponse`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fetch keys for a hex-encoded request. Provide the threshold, key-server object IDs, and the network. The CLI retrieves key-server's public keys from a public full node and returns a hex-encoded, BCS-serialized vector of `(key server object ID, FetchKeyResponse)` tuples.
```
